okay sooo listen 😩 I kno ppl hate pineapple on pizza but like... WHY?? lmao 😂 it’s not like it’s poison or sumthin. like frfr u eat sweet n sour chicken but sweet + savory on pizza is “WRONG”?? get a grip lol.

okay so lemme tell u this one time I was at this weird pizza place (don’t even remember the name tbh it was somethin like Tony's Famous Slices or w/e, they had like 48 toppings on the menu i kid u not 😭) and me & my bff were like “ok lets get weird” and we got a pizza with pineapple, jalapenos, mushrooms (idk y we did that) & extra cheese... bro that stuff SLAPPED. 🔥 like i didn’t expect to like it but my brain was like “yo wait a sec this is... good??” 🤯

also ppl always act like pineapple makes the pizza soggy but like??? have u had a tomato on pizza??? its literally wet lmaooo 🍅😭 where’s the rage at tomatoes huh. y’all just hatin to hate 😂

anyways i think food should be fun like explore weird stuff, yk? like dont be a pizza purist that’s sooo boring 😴 next thing u kno u’ll be sayin u only eat plain toast w/o butter bc “tradition” 💀

also ALSO i saw this tweet where someone said “pineapple on pizza is a war crime” and like. bro. war crime?? really? u kno what else is a war crime?? COLD FRIES 🍟🥶

point is... try it. just once. pineapple. pizza. maybe add some spicy stuff if u need balance. then judge it 👀 don't let Twitter decide ur tastebuds ok 😤

tldr: pineapple is fruit. tomato is fruit. pizza is life. u do u. ✌️🍕


Fun (and lowkey mind-blowing) facts about 🍍 pineapple, 🍅 tomato, & 🍕 pizza:

Pineapple isn’t even from Hawaii 😩🌴
Yeah ikr?? Big plot twist. It’s actually native to South America, like around Brazil and Paraguay. Hawaiians just made it iconic later on when James Dole (yes, that Dole guy) started growing hella pineapples there and turned it into a tropical poster child. 🌺

Tomatoes were once thought to be POISON 💀🍅
Back in Europe, around the 1700s, rich people were out here dying after eating tomatoes because they served them on lead plates. Acid from the tomatoes leeched lead from the plates = 💀 not the tomato's fault lmao. So ppl thought tomatoes were cursed or sumthin for like... a whole century 😳

Pizza used to be street food for broke folks in Naples 🍕➡️💸
OG pizza (like real Neapolitan pizza) started in Naples, Italy and was food for the working class who just wanted something cheap and hot. Then Queen Margherita came through and was like “yo this slaps” and boom – pizza royalty was born 👑🇮🇹

Pineapple is literally a beast of a fruit 🐉🍍
It’s not even one fruit. It’s a buncha berries that fused together 😮 like a fruit transformer or sumthin lol. That’s why it’s called a multiple fruit. Also it’s packed w/ this enzyme called bromelain that can break down proteins — which is why ur tongue feels weird after eating too much of it. It’s like... digesting you back 😭

Tomatoes are fruits but the U.S. Supreme Court called them veggies 😤🍅
Back in 1893 there was this wild case (Nix v. Hedden — yeah real court case 😆) where the court literally had to decide if tomatoes were fruit or veg for tax purposes. Scientifically a fruit, but legally?? VEGETABLE. Bureaucracy is wild lol.

Pizza is so universal, astronauts eat it in space 🚀🍕
Not even kidding. NASA literally figured out how to 3D print pizzas for astronauts so they could have a lil taste of home in zero gravity. Like imagine floating around w/ a pepperoni slice just spinning in space